Undine orcs often go through life in a series of shifting phases, their interests waxing, waning, or sometimes morphing altogether as old loves are discarded for new interests. Structure provides a much-needed focus to undines' lives, and without strong goals or support from those around them, undine orcs can find themselves stagnating in feelings of despondence. Most undine orcs feel they personify specific aspects of water, some seeing themselves with the strength and power of the waves, the speed and tenacity of a river current, or the calm of a peaceful lake or pond. Others identify with all these aspects and more, their demeanors shifting like the tides from one situation to the next.

- **Age.** Undine orcs mature a little faster than humans, reaching adulthood around age 14. They age noticeably faster and rarely live longer than 75 years.
- **Size.** Undine orcs are somewhat larger and bulkier than humans, and they range from 5 to well over 6 feet tall. Your size is Medium.
- **Speed.** Your base walking speed is 30 feet, and you have a swimming speed equal to your walking speed.
- **Amphibious.** You can breathe air and water.
- **Darkvision.** You have superior vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern color in darkness, only shades of gray.
- **Call to the Wave.** You know the _acid splash_ cantrip. You also know the _mage hand_ cantrip (but it requires a source of water). Starting at 3rd level, you can cast the _create_ o_r destroy water_ spell with this trait. Once you cast _create or destroy water_ with this trait, you can't cast that spell with it again until you finish a long rest. You can also cast either of those spells using any spell slots you have of the appropriate level. Intelligence, Wisdom, or Charisma is your spell-casting ability for these spells when you cast them with this trait (choose when you select this race).
- **Powerful Build.** You count as one size larger when determining your carrying capacity and the weight you can push, drag, or lift.
- **Languages.** You can speak, read, and write Common and Orc. Orc is a harsh, grating language with hard consonants. It has no script of its own but is written in the Dwarvish script.