## Overview
- The party takes a few days to set up shelter and plan their next moves.
  Fairly quickly after they've had a chance to catch their breath, describe things they notice over time while on the plane: 
	- It is very hot! 
	- Hunger is sharper, but food tastes better, particularly when it's fresh.
	- Physical activity and exploration are more exhilirating.
	- The urge to hunt and/or gather is strong.
	- Fear of exposure is stronger, sheltering feels safer.
	- The sun never seems to move, being directly overhead.

- Conrad retrieves [[Mina]]'s lost hammer from the river, and in the process, explores the sunken remains of the train.
	- 

- Over time, the party members begin to develop animal-like features
	- [[Jig]]: Monkey-like, with a tail that has a mind of its own. Party is likely to depend heavily on him.
	- [[Conrad]]: Walrus-like, hands becoming much more fin-like and lacking thumbs. Spells with somatic components fail 20% of the time.
	- [[Francis]]: Grows cat ears and whiskers, spine elongating in such a way that it becomes very difficult to walk upright.
	- [[Mina]]: Arms and wings fuse to become much larger bat wings. Can't fly, but can glide a bit. Can't manipulate objects.
	- At some point, [[Carolyn's Character]] should run into the party. She is also likely to develop animal features (probably based on favorite wild shape, if a druid), and should be allowed to stay in wildshape longer (if not indefinitely).

## Challenges

- **Exhaustion:** 6 exhaustion levels = death.
	- -2x Exhaustion level to checks
	- Speed reduced 5ft x Exhaustion level
	- Long rest removes 1 level.
- **Hunger:** Foraging DC 15 in grasslands, 10 in forests. 
	- 1d6+Wis in lbs of food for full day. 1 lb = 1 day of rations.
	- No food = DC 10 Con check or 1 exhaustion level
	- >5 days no food = 1 exhaustion per day
- **Dehydration and Heat:** 
	- Need 0.5 gallon per day or 1 exhaustion level *if sheltered*.
	- Need 1 gallon per day or 1 exhaustion level *if unsheltered*.
	- No water = DC 5 or 1 exhaustion level each hour. DC +1 per hour.
		- Medium/heavy armor = disadvantage.
- **Navigation:** 10 in grasslands, 20 in forests. Fail = direction random.
	- Track per 10 miles
- **Travel Pace:** 10 miles every 4 hours.
	- >8 hours = DC 10+extra hours Con save or 1 exhaustion.