## Overview

- After leaving the [[The Lantern Cairn of Dym]], and seeing the dark clouds surrounding Yygdrasil in the distance, the party is approached by [[Tarnu]], a wise-cracking monkey who climbs in through one of the windows. He reveals that he saw the party enter the tower a few months ago, and a lot has changed since then. He complains that the northern jungle has started changing -- growing unnatural vines that glisten like nerve tissue, emitting droning hums, and causing the animals to become aggressive and twisted. Players are asked to investigate. As they leave, players may notice that Jig's tail is wrapped around a large mason jar.

- While foraging, Jig goes off on his own. Other players should potentially see "another Jig."

- Near the entrance to the jungle, a "brain snake," calling itself [[Lymbix Thissara]] approaches the party and wants to become friends. It only speaks telepathically, through emotions and mental imagery, not language. It recoils from [[Francis]] due to his past connection with the train, but is friendly toward [[Conrad]] due to his intelligence. It would like to travel with the party, either in Conrad's head, or his pack if the party can somehow gather some of the infected sap and put it in a container. Lymbix can ward off any aggressive wildlife in the area. Otherwise, the party encounters [[Proto-Vegetal Servitor]]s (in the form of apes) and [[Swamp-Warped Skrick]]s along the way.

- Deeper in the northern jungle, the players encounter a small village of grass huts. The village has been devastated by the aboleth's crossing, with the only remaining members being two lycanthropes, [[Grath]] and [[Ilyra]].
	- After the village's was ravaged, Grath and Ilyra tried to pursue the aboleth. However, an owlbear gone mad stood in their path. In the fight that followed, Ilyra lost a hand to it.
	- There is also a ratatosk that recently came down from the tree. It is bound to a bed, chittering seemingly nonsense phrases about "the crawling god" and "it drinks the seeds of divinity." If more sense can be coaxed from it, it makes it clear to the party that the aboleth itself has grown far beyond the party's mea ns, and they should instead seek help
	- Grath won't let the party continue down the aboleth's path unless they succeed at a test of strength. Arm wrestling, combat, or helping him take down the owlbear (at Ilyra's suggestion, should the party refuse or fail at the former proofs).

- When the party starts to climb Yggdrasil, consult [[3b. Infected Yggdrasil Ascent]]

---

---
## Treasure

- Money
- [[Magic Item]] (Minor, Uncommon)
	- Details

---
## Cast 

- [[Grath]]: A pro-wrestler type werewolf that challenges the party to a right of strength, either by combat, arm wrestling, or proving they can take down a strange owlbear creature that has been ravaging the jungle. 

- [[Ilyra]]: A sage-like werewolf who warns of recent cult activity. Has also been investigating the strange alteration of the forest/jungle... related to the cult, or something else?


