It's hard to miss Tivvum's Antiquities, too, even in the hectic hubbub of the Market Ward. The huge shop occupies a five-story, cylindrical building made of smooth green marble. The name of the place is chiseled into the exterior marble repeatedly in a continuous line that coils up around the entire building. When [[Alluvius Ruskin]] took over the shop, she decided to leave Tivvum's name written all over it.

Inside the shop, a wide iron spiral staircase bores down through the center of the building's core and is the only means of traveling from one floor to another. Lu's usually found on the first floor, seated high upon a stool behind a mammoth, half-circle marble counter where customers pay for their purchases.

Next to the counter is an open archway, the building's only exit or entrance, and beside that is a teetering stack of wicker baskets for shoppers who plan to buy more than they can hold in their hands. If Lu's not otherwise engaged, she usually calls out advice: "Be sure to check those baskets for holes — some of'em are nearly as old as me!"

The shop's arranged from bottom to top, with the less expensive bulk items on the lower floors and the most costly, rare gate keys at the top. The first and second floors are the most crowded for space, as they're ringed with large, unmovable wooden barrels and tin bins holding things like marbles, bone chips, feathers, flower petals, and so on. Gate keys on the third and fourth floors are displayed on curved shelves or hung on pegs driven into the walls. The uppermost floor of the shop — frequented more by browsers than by actual buyers — houses glass cases softly illuminated by candles that burn in their bottoms. Here, a body can find anything from the jeweled skull of a balor to a fragment from one of Yggdrasil's sterile seeds.

## Business Operations
Alluvius's stock constantly grows and shifts. She's got a number of reliable suppliers in the Great Bazaar, and the merchant lord Estavan often calls on contacts in the Planar Trade Consortium to get Lu items from across the multiverse. 'Course, Lu only sells things known to work as gate keys — which means she's first got to get the dark of what it takes to open various portals in (and out of) the Cage. Planewalkers can pick up a bit of jink by sharing their portal secrets with her, but Lu primarily relies on specialists like Lissandra the Gate-seeker (especially for new and shifting portals) and a few Guvner researchers.

Those specialists also give Lu information about gate keys that aren't physical objects, but words, gestures, or other intangibles. See, to open some doors, a body's got to recite the names of powers of the Abyss, snap his fingers in a circle over his head, or just picture a pegasus in his mind's eye. A less enterprising cutter might think that Lu couldn't possibly make a profit on such gates, but he'd be wrong — she sells the information.

Still, folks'd better come into Tivvum's Antiquities with a specific key in mind — or at least the details of a specific portal they need to get through. Sods'll be disappointed if they expect Alluvius to point them to a portal, hand them the right key, and tell them what's on the other side. "I'm just in the business of gate keys," she admonishes, "not tourism. 'Sides, with all the doors that shift and close, it's too much for my old mind to keep."

## Security Measures
Once in a while, Alluvius plays her "helpless" role a bit too well, and a berk tries to smuggle gate keys out the door without paying. But the thief finds that the open archway suddenly turns into a solid brick wall, thanks to Lu's canny use of the hold portal and there/not there spells. (The latter spell makes the brick wall appear only for the would-be thief; honest customers can still leave through the open archway.)

It's a hard surprise for sods who stuff their pockets while on another floor or out of the seemingly failing sight of the little old tiefling (Lu uses clairvoyance to keep tabs on every nook and cranny in her shop). When a thief gets stopped by the wall, Lu comes slowly around the counter, feebly brandishing a cane. "Tsk, tsk," she mutters, tapping the offender with the end of her cane at the exact spot where he's hidden the goods on his person. Most folks hand the stuff back so they can go.

Those who don't are in for more surprises. For instance, the steps of the spiral stairs can fold down at Lu's command. A panicky berk who tries to climb to safety soon finds himself sliding back down to the ground floor (along with anyone else caught on the steps at the time).

Worse still, the bulk gate keys in the barrels on the first floor can pull together to form 1d6+4 protective golems. For instance, several hundred shards of bone can fly out of one or more barrels and assemble themselves to form a bone golem, which then acts to defend Alluvius and the shop by any means necessary. Lu's enchanted the keys so that golems can form out of just about any hard material — glass, stone, wood, bone, or even gems. Once the threat is neutralized (or if a golem is destroyed), the defender reverts back to its normal gate key components, which return to their proper containers.